.. _fandango: https://github.com/tango-controls/fandango
.. _79: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/issues/79
.. _56: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/issues/56
.. _91: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/91
.. _black: https://github.com/psf/black
.. _110: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/110
.. _101: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/101
.. _115: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/115
.. _116: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/116
.. _117: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/117
.. _118: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/118
.. _119: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/119
.. _121: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/121
.. _122: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/122
.. _123: https://github.com/ska-sa/tango-simlib/pull/123

0.7.1
-----
- Include enum labels in YAML spec document and sort labels 123_.

0.7.0
-----
- Updated CHANGELOG in 122_
- Added `validate` option to `tango-yaml` tool in 121_
    - This sub command enables conformance verification of a running Tango
      device against a specification file.

0.6.0
-----
- Updated CHANGELOG in 118_
- Added `tango-yaml` tool in 119_
    - This tool translates fandango (fgo), XMI (xmi) or a running Tango device to YAML.
    - Once installed, run `tango-yaml -h` for details.

0.5.0
-----
- Added Weather.xmi to MANIFEST.in 117_
- Refactor the code base 116_
- Update compat function docstrings 115_

0.4.0
-----
- Added Python2.7 and Python>=3.5 Compatibility Pull Request 110_.
- Formatted code with black_
- Added some missing XMI parser types Pull Request 101_.

0.3.0
-----
- Support multiple device and control interfaces per server process (Enhancement)
    - Addressing issue raised in 56_
- Adding a log when writing to the attributes
- Reduced the unnecessary logging of the TANGO device
- Handle non scalar value
    - Linked to the Pull Request 91_

0.2.1
-----
- Supporting more tango data types.
    - DevUChar
    - DevShort
    - DevUShort
    - DevLong64
    - DevULong64
    - DevState
    - DevEncoded
- Updating documentation. Addresses issue 79_.

0.2.0
-----
- Adding support to register and run a TANGO device using a file as a database.
- Initialising the model quantity values with the default values specified in the simulator data description files.
- Parsing simulator data description files in a pre-determined precendence order.
- Removing unmaintained python-devicetest dependency.
- Added a fandango json parser
    - This parser is used to process the TANGO device data file generated by the fandango_ library.
- Making use of the PyTango v9.2.2 feature to create dynamic commands.

0.1.6
-----
- Force all unicode attributes in XMI files to byte strings.

0.1.5
-----
- Updates to the SimDD
    - Added a new type of behaviour in the side-effect actions suite for long-running
      commands.
- Handle vector data type from pogo
- Populate tango-db with device properties

0.1.4
-----
- Package release documentation
- Updated console script names
    - tango-simlib-tango-launcher -> tango-simlib-launcher
    - tango-simlib-tango-simulator-generator -> tango-simlib-generator

0.1.3
-----
- DISH config files included in examples of device simulators
- JSON Schema for SimDD configuration file validation

0.1.2
-----
- Modified the update method of the Model class to invoke the override pre-update
  and post-update method, respectively.

0.1.1
-----
- Handle DevEnum data type TANGO attributes
- Handle Spectrum data format TANGO attributes

